on second day of mock trial one witness
claims that George threatened to kill
any on day two of the George Milton
murder trial went as expected witnesses
again continue to show connections
between George Milton and the death of
Lettie smalls candy is a worker on the
ranch and is familiar with the other
workers he too claimed that George
Milton picked on bully picked on picked
on money and took advantage of him but
won one of his claims shot shocked the
courtroom and could be used as a huge
piece of evidence against George Milton
candy claimed that George said that he
was going to shoot Lonnie in the gut
when he found him so far in this trial
is not looking so good for George Milton
and on to you Owen reporting from the
mock trial the defense didn't listen to
Zhanna
Oh or as his friend likes to call them
crooks unstated some information about
money small he said that when he visited
it's visited crooks on the night of the
incident when he was asking to see his
pup which was promised to at 2m by his
boss when he stayed there for a while
and candy came over trying to look for
money then the three of them had had a
big conversation then crows wife came
over and was very and was very mad and
started yelling this caused everyone to
leave but crooks stayed later at the
scene of Charlie's wife's death
Lonnie's pup was discovered dead in a
pile of hay this
as all the information that we have we
will you'll see what other information
is in store for us today on day tune of
mock child's curly was asked a series of
questions and this is what we know about
him so far Curly's dad the prosecution
witness owned the ranch and worked and
he Curley worked very hard on the ranch
he met Georgia Lennie at the bunkhouse
and he noticed that George was always
yelling at Lennie
because George had more power over
Lennie
because Lennie had it it had a
intellectual disability Lennie and curly
had a conflict and Curley fought Lennie
put that in Lennie walk Hurley back and
Curley ended up breaking his arm and
then after that Lennie what Lenny was
talking to Curley's wife and he snapped
her neck and he died and Lennie hid her
body in the bunkhouse and Hey